
Recharge Example
================

In this example the use of the ``TseriesRecharge class`` is explained.
This ``StressModel class`` is developed to calculate the recharge series
from the measured evaporation and precipitation series. Different
recharge models are available: Linear, Preferential, Percolation, and
Combination model. More information on these recharge models can be
found in [1]. In this examples the ``Linear()`` and the
``Preferential()`` recharge model are demonstrated.

Compiling recharge models
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It is highly recommended to compile the non-linear recharge models when
you consider to extensively use these models. Compiling the provided
c-file reduces computation time up to 35 times. For example, the
calibration of the preferential recharge model applied in this notebook
takes 15 seconds when compiled, and around 7 minutes when not compiled.
Instructions for compilation of the c-files are available.

References
~~~~~~~~~~

[1] R.A. Collenteur [2016] Non-linear time series analysis of deep
groundwater levels: Application to the Veluwe. MSc. thesis, TU Delft.
http://repository.tudelft.nl/view/ir/uuid:baf4fc8c-6311-407c-b01f-c80a96ecd584/

.. code:: ipython3

    # First perform the necessary imports
    import pandas as pd
    import matplotlib.dates as md
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    from pastas import *
    %matplotlib notebook

1. Importing the observed groundwater levels
--------------------------------------------

The groundwater levels used in this examples are from a well near
Apeldoorn, The Netherlands. The area is characterized by a thick
unsaturated zone of over 50 meters thick. The groundwater levels are
available from 1974-2010. Pandas ``read_csv`` function is used to load
the csv file. The measured groundwater levels are located in the column
names "Stand (cm t.o.v. NAP)" (NAP is the Dutch national reference
level). The final observed time series is stored as a Pandas ``Series``
object names ``oseries``.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Import and check the observed groundwater time series
    parse = lambda x: md.datetime.datetime.strptime(x, '%d-%m-%Y')
    gwdata = pd.read_csv('../data/B33A0113001_1.csv', index_col=2, 
                         skiprows=15, usecols=[2, 5], parse_dates=True,
                         date_parser=parse)
    
    gwdata.rename(columns={'Stand (cm t.o.v. NAP)': 'h'}, inplace=True)
    gwdata.index.names = ['date']
    gwdata.h *= 0.01  # In meters
    oseries = gwdata.h
    plt.figure()
    oseries.plot(marker='.', color='k')
    plt.show()



.. parsed-literal::

    <IPython.core.display.Javascript object>



.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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">


2. Importing the explaining stresses
------------------------------------

As explaining series evaporation and precipitation series are used. The
evporation is measured at De Bilt and the precipitation in Apeldoorn.
The two series are provided in a .txt file, which is again imported
using Pandas ``read_csv`` function. The data is stored as a Pandas
``Dataframe`` named ``data``.

.. code:: ipython3

    data = pd.read_csv('../data/KNMI_Apeldoorn.txt', skipinitialspace=True, skiprows=12,
                       delimiter=',', parse_dates=[0], index_col=['Date'], usecols=[
            1, 2, 3], names=['Date', 'P', 'E'])
    data = data['1960':]  # cut off everything before 1958
    data /= 10000.  # In meters
    data.plot()
    plt.show()



.. parsed-literal::

    <IPython.core.display.Javascript object>



.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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">


3. A linear recharge model
--------------------------

The first time series model that is developed is one with a linear
function for the recharge (:math:`R = P - f * E`). We use the
``TseriesRecharge`` class for this, and tell this class to use the
``Linear()`` recharge model.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create the time series model with preferential recharge model
    ml = Model(oseries)
    ts = Recharge(data.P, data.E, Gamma, Linear, name='recharge')
    ml.add_stressmodel(ts)


.. parsed-literal::

    Inferred frequency from time series recharge_P: freq=D 
    Inferred frequency from time series recharge_E: freq=D 
    

4. A non-linear recharge model
------------------------------

The second model that is developed in this examples uses a preferential
flow model to calculate the recharge. Again, we use the
``TseriesRecharge`` class, and tell this class to use the
``Preferential()`` recharge model. See [1] for more information on this
recharge model.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create the time series model with linear recharge model
    ml1 = Model(oseries)
    ts1 = Recharge(data.P, data.E, Gamma, Preferential, name='recharge')
    ml1.add_stressmode(ts1)


.. parsed-literal::

    Inferred frequency from time series recharge_P: freq=D 
    Inferred frequency from time series recharge_E: freq=D 
    

5. Calibration the time series models
-------------------------------------

The next step is to calibrate the parameters of the model, by calling
the solve function on both models. (Solving the models (specifically the
preferential model) can take several minutes when the recharge models
are not compiled!)

.. code:: ipython3

    print('results of the linear recharge model')
    print('------------------------------------')
    ml.solve(tmin='1975', tmax='2004')
    print()
    print('results of the non-linear recharge model')
    print('----------------------------------------')
    ml1.solve(tmin='1980', tmax='2004')


.. parsed-literal::

    results of the linear recharge model
    ------------------------------------
    [[Fit Statistics]]
        # function evals   = 160
        # data points      = 1173
        # variables        = 6
        chi-square         = 9.387
        reduced chi-square = 0.008
        Akaike info crit   = -5651.276
        Bayesian info crit = -5620.872
    [[Variables]]
        recharge_A:    2836.56834 +/- 21.98862 (0.78%) (init= 500)
        recharge_n:    2.25146689 +/- 0.011054 (0.49%) (init= 1)
        recharge_a:    456.191474 +/- 7.255334 (1.59%) (init= 100)
        recharge_f:   -0.17640296 +/- 0.059049 (33.47%) (init=-1)
        constant_d:    21.3835570 +/- 0.216538 (1.01%) (init= 26.27)
        noise_alpha:   374.208304 +/- 411.5153 (109.97%) (init= 14)
    [[Correlations]] (unreported correlations are <  0.100)
        C(recharge_f, constant_d)    = -0.979 
        C(recharge_a, recharge_f)    = -0.670 
        C(recharge_a, constant_d)    =  0.637 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_f)    = -0.567 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_a)    =  0.467 
        C(recharge_a, noise_alpha)   =  0.429 
        C(recharge_n, recharge_a)    = -0.408 
        C(recharge_f, noise_alpha)   = -0.395 
        C(constant_d, noise_alpha)   =  0.394 
        C(recharge_A, constant_d)    =  0.390 
        C(recharge_A, noise_alpha)   =  0.206 
    
    results of the non-linear recharge model
    ----------------------------------------
    [[Fit Statistics]]
        # function evals   = 145
        # data points      = 1054
        # variables        = 6
        chi-square         = 5.290
        reduced chi-square = 0.005
        Akaike info crit   = -5568.455
        Bayesian info crit = -5538.693
    [[Variables]]
        recharge_A:       3982.36612 +/- 30.01562 (0.75%) (init= 500)
        recharge_n:       2.06889631 +/- 0.014029 (0.68%) (init= 1)
        recharge_a:       541.361122 +/- 5.426577 (1.00%) (init= 100)
        recharge_Srmax:   0.26 (fixed)
        recharge_Beta:    9.75647635 +/- 0.908127 (9.31%) (init= 3)
        recharge_Imax:    0.0015 (fixed)
        constant_d:       23.7747918 +/- 0.029415 (0.12%) (init= 26.27)
        noise_alpha:      1374.70733 +/- 6.76e+03 (491.45%) (init= 14)
    [[Correlations]] (unreported correlations are <  0.100)
        C(recharge_A, constant_d)    = -0.843 
        C(recharge_n, recharge_a)    = -0.767 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_Beta)  =  0.544 
        C(recharge_n, noise_alpha)   =  0.360 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_n)    = -0.250 
        C(recharge_n, recharge_Beta)  = -0.237 
        C(recharge_A, recharge_a)    =  0.206 
        C(recharge_Beta, noise_alpha)  = -0.158 
        C(recharge_a, constant_d)    = -0.154 
        C(recharge_A, noise_alpha)   = -0.134 
        C(recharge_n, constant_d)    =  0.120 
    

6. Plotting the results
-----------------------

Great! We have solved both models and off course we want to view the
resulting simulated groundwater levels. Instead of calling the
``ml.plot()`` or ``ml.plot_results`` function to do so, we write some
simple code to show the groundwater levels in the same graph.

.. code:: ipython3

    plt.figure()
    plt.plot(ml1.oseries, 'ko', markersize=2)
    plt.plot(ml.simulate())
    plt.plot(ml1.simulate())
    plt.ylim([26, 30])
    plt.legend(['observed', 'linear', 'preferential'], loc='best')
    plt.show()



.. parsed-literal::

    <IPython.core.display.Javascript object>



.. raw:: html

    <img src="data:image/png;base64,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">


7. Comparing the results using Statistics
-----------------------------------------

**Pastas** contains a built-in option to calculate statistics that can
be used to comparing model performances.

.. code:: ipython3

    print('Statistics for the linear recharge model:')
    print('')
    ml.stats.summary()
    print('')
    print('Statistics for the preferential recharge model:')
    print('')
    ml1.stats.summary()


.. parsed-literal::

    Statistics for the linear recharge model:
    
                                        Value
    Statistic                                
    Root mean squared error          0.199526
    Akaike InformationCriterion      3.206552
    Pearson R^2                           NaN
    Average Deviation               -0.091608
    Explained variance percentage   90.067039
    Bayesian Information Criterion  33.056799
    
    Statistics for the preferential recharge model:
    
                                        Value
    Statistic                                
    Root mean squared error          0.218251
    Akaike InformationCriterion      6.356125
    Pearson R^2                           NaN
    Average Deviation                0.117580
    Explained variance percentage   89.311606
    Bayesian Information Criterion  48.146470
    
